Out Of The Basement, Onto The Cd
Late-late-blooming Band Rocks Beyond Dayton

http://articles.chicagotribune.com/1994-01-21/entertainment/9401210005_1_pere-ubu-out-of-town-gigs-band

January 21, 1994|By Greg Kot.
 
Privacy Badger has replaced this FacebookLike button.Privacy Badger has replaced this Twitter button.
 New
Rock history regenerates every time a couple of high school nerds fantasize in their basements about being Keith Richards or Bob Mould or Spiral Stairs. Maybe they buy scads of records with their lunch money, maybe they live in a dreary town like Dayton, maybe they can't even play an instrument.

"Me, Mitch (Mitchell) and Kevin (Fennell)-we always were in a band, at least fictitiously," says Robert Pollard, singer for the decade-old and, until lately, virtually anonymous Dayton group Guided By Voices. "We used to make our own record covers for unrecorded albums, we did fake interviews. We couldn't play, but we'd plunk along on a one-string guitar and write songs a cappella. It was a fantasy we thought we couldn't realize, but eventually we became a band. We're late bloomers-almost too late."




What makes the story of Guided By Voices different from that of so many other would-be bands is that they persevered, and as they collectively push 40, have found a measure of recognition.

"Hey, Kim Deal (of the Breeders) called the other day," says Pollard, his voice crackling with excitement over the phone line. "She wants us to play a big arena show with her and maybe Urge Overkill or Afghan Whigs. And we're gonna do a cover of `Navy' together for a Pere Ubu tribute record on Data Pink. We're hangin' out with the big shots now, I guess."

Pollard laughs heartily, his voice still raw from singing himself hoarse the previous weekend. It's a strange turn of affairs for the singer, who teaches 4th grade math and social studies at a Dayton elementary school and is married with two children, ages 9 and 12. The band members still hold day jobs and get away for out-of-town gigs only on weekends. (Their first Chicago appearance will be Saturday at Thurston's, 1248 W. George St.)

Last October, the band played its first New York City gig at the legendary CBGB's, and the city's record-industry elite packed the club. The buzz was created by an addictive 33-song compilation CD, "Vampire on Titus"/"Propeller," released by the Cleveland label Scat. The band had previously put out six records on its own, which met overwhelming indifference at home but became prize possessions of a small core of indie-rock fanatics around the country. "Vampire" made a number of Top 10 lists, including the Tribune's, and the group got a trailer-load of hype tossed at it in the current issue of Spin. The band's insular, homemade discs-which blend myriad classic-rock influences into acid-drenched song fragments-stand in contrast to the powerhouse live gigs.

"We're low-fi on record and arena-rock live," Pollard says. "Recording you should be more ambitious and try different things, but on stage is not a place to do that, I don't think. Performance is kind of a silly thing, so we just turn it up and rock it."

The band is nothing less than riveting in both incarnations, even as Pollard sometimes bellows his faux-Pink Floydisms in an English accent.

"I've got 3,000 records and 3,000 45s in a room I call the `snake pit,' because you can't even walk around in it," Pollard says. "I'm a child of the '60s, and that's why I sing with a British accent. It's how I learned to sing. All those influences-that's where the band's name comes from. We were guided by all these voices from the past."

Has rock ever been about anything else?
